It's all my fault for messing around.
Mom, don't blame yourself
You are also out of kindness
Listen to Yun, please persuade
Mom Ruyan is fine
The baby in his belly is also healthy
Fortunately, Ruyan and the child were okay
Sister-in-law, come out with me
I have something to talk to you about.
Ting Yu, what do you want to tell me?
What did mom do?
Why is it all fog poisoning?
It's just using expired ingredients.
Then why did the doctor say that pregnant women are prohibited?
OK, I see.
You go back to the ward early to rest
Hey, courtyard
Can you stay with me?
I'm not the one who should be with you
You should have had your own life long ago
courtyard
Are you driving me away?
I don't do anything now. I don't ask for anything.
Can't you just stay at the Lu family?
You deserve to have your own life
Lu Tingyue, I love you so much
You can't tolerate me like this
But you weren't like this before
It's all the fault of that laughing bitch